[Autogenerated] Now we're ready.
We're going to be using spring Cloud contract with the consumer
driven contract testing technique in order to implement of
feature in a micro services architecture.
We'll be doing something very basic as initially.
What we want to focus on is achieving offense.
Slice for the entire workflow and to end the micro service we're going to
be working on is a credit card micro service implement in a feature which
allows people to apply for credit cards,
not wanting to give credit to anyone.
We want our micro service to be able to chat a credit score of the application,
but Robert Andino yourself is going to offload the
responsibility turn of a micro service.
We've decided this is cleaner moments.
Hey, nable,
as it's a separate business functionality that can now be
independent to the rest of the system.
And this separate credit score Micro Service will return to credit score to our
credit card micro service and then that will be able to reject or a set the application based on some internal business rules